Three days have come
Get out of my house now
Chen Hao is wrapping Night Doll's thighs because of you
You are a high society figure
She is the eldest lady of a noble family
How could it be possible to marry someone at the bottom of society like you?
Toad
You are in my eyes
You give me the right to simp and lick my toes
you
I didn't want to hit you
But your mouth is so cheap and dirty
Do you still want to stay for dinner?
Chen Hao, let's see
What did you say?
Chen Hao saw 3 top-quality raw jadeite stones in a row yesterday.
I won the gambling stone queen flower color cloud sensationalized the audience
This Chen Hao can gamble with stones again
Extraordinary skills
He surprises me more and more
Even if he has some ability
As if in my eyes
Still don't have the qualifications to let me repay you
Boss, I have something to do
Go first